In Return of the Ancients,  we're adding a set of Challenges for the first time to a Path of Exile 2 league. Every two challenges you complete will give you a piece of the  Knight of Aldur Armour set, so it’s worth giving them a shot. To check out your progression and  requirements to complete a challenge,  just hit ‘H’ to open up the Challenges screen. There are eight challenges in all, and they progress from pretty easy,  to pretty hard. To complete The Runeseeker, you'll need to find remnants with  an ever growing number of slots  and use them to craft new items. The seven slot crafts can be  pretty challenging with six waves of enemies, so attempting one of these fights could require some skill. Throughout the campaign, there are many optional bosses. To complete the Hunter, you will need to hunt down six of them.  The last two, Akthi, the Final Sting  and Anundr, the Sandworm can be pretty tough to find being  in the Khari Crossing. In order to track them down,  follow the dry river bed. You'll find their arena at the end. The Ascendant requires you to gain all eight points of your ascendancy class by doing ascendancy trials. Getting the final set of points can be pretty challenging though. You will either need to defeat Zarokh on the 4th level of the Trial of the Sekhemas, or defeat the Trialmaster from the Trial of Chaos by finding all three keys. Of the two, the Trial of Chaos will take you much longer due to having to run the trial multiple times,  but the Trial of the Sekhemas  is more challenging, so you will have to decide which of  these two paths to take. The Reliquarian is simple. Identify 50 different unique items.  Having a tough time finding uniques? Jado, The Atlas Master has a lot of abilities that specialise in finding them. To complete The Artisan you will need to use a bunch of different crafting items. All of which come from Remnant encounters. For the Cartographer, you'll need to allocate your entire Atlas Tree. All 300 nodes. You can do this the slow way by completing all the maps inside the fortress. But there is another way too.  Each time you defeat the Arbiter of Divinity,  you will gain the ability to automatically complete a large section of the fortress.  Find keys to his fight by searching for Citadels in the Atlas. Each of them have big glowing beams so you can see them in the fog. After fighting him four times, the entire fortress will be completed. And last, but certainly not least, The Vanquisher. This challenge requires killing  three Pinnacle bosses, the hardest fights in the game. Tangmazu, the Bodach, and the Vessel of Kulemak. These are the pinnacles of Delirium, Ritual, and Abyss leagues, so you will need to do these three quest lines in order to do this challenge. One important thing with  the Vessel of Kulemak though, is you need to defeat him at full strength. That means risking the item during the boss fight by returning the finger,  and defeating him anyway. As I said before, every two challenges you complete will get you pieces of the armour set, so you don't have to do all of them to get some rewards. But if you do, you'll be able to show off your prowess, because everyone in global chat, or in the forums can see how many challenges you’ve earned. You'll also get this Totem Decoration for your hideout, meaning that forever more people who trade with you will be able to see that you were there, and you defeated the league. Try out these challenges and more on May 29th,  in the Return of the Ancients. Thanks for watching and see you then!